We came from the television industry,
and we found that some content wasn’t suited for TV
or wasn’t done on TV the way we would like.
It also had to do with trying new communication formats
and new audiovisual languages.
On the internet this didn’t happen; you could explore, you could try new ways of communicating.,
If you say something and it doesn’t bother anyone, then you haven’t said anything.
You don’t have to be afraid when coming up with new content,
of offending or provoking someone.
You just make it, you know? And that’s when you’ll see where your audience is,
who you connect with and who you don’t.
Whenever you want to say something
there will be someone somewhere who wants to listen to it,
someone that had the same thought as you, or that has the same interest that you do…
I’m Mexican
I’m Polish
Romanian
Guinea
Brazilian
Chile
South Africa
I’m Spanish
Colombian
Action!
Olé!
In general when you work with a brand, you receive a brief,
a sort of book,
and they tell you this is what we want to do.
Add a little creativity.
The invitation was very different in this regard. It was like,
put the car to test in any way you can think of.
Test it in the most exotic,
craziest ways possible.
The idea is to see that the car is ready to take on anything a person can think of.
Having such a broad scope
made for a very interesting process,
and we had ideas that were really crazy,
and those are the ones that we are using.